"In 2005 MySpace was in talks to buy Facebook, but rejected Mark Zuckerberg's asking price of US$75 million as too expensive."
"Doctors grow skin for burn victims using foreskins of circumcised infants."
"Panda researchers have to wear panda costumes to work with cubs."
"The dinosaur noises in the Jurassic Park movie were made from recordings of tortoise sex."
"18% of the U.S. population has six or more tattoos."
"In 1913, Hitler, Stalin, Trotsky Tito and Freud all lived within a few miles of each other in Vienna, with some of them being regulars at the same coffeehouses."
"In 1964, the FBI mailed Martin Luther King Jr. a letter accusing him of extramarital affairs and suggesting he should commit suicide."
"Sex toys are illegal in India."
"U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant's parents refused to attend his wedding because his fiance's family owned slaves."
"Pamela Anderson married Tommy Lee drummer of Motley Crue, after knowing him for 96 hours."
"In 2012, a Somali Islamist militant group offered a bounty of 10 camels for President Obama and 2 for information on Hillary CLinton."
"Wal-mart parking lots alone take up roughly the size of Tampa, Florida."
"Mars is populated entirely by robots. Seven to be precise."
"World illiteracy has halved since 1970."
"Between 100 to 300 tons of cosmic dust enter the Earth's atmosphere each day."
"The ice sheet of Antarctica has been in existence for at least 40 million years."
"Hahaha in Thai language means 555."
"One giant panda usually needs between 2.5 to 4 square miles (10 million m2) of land to survive."
"The word hundred is derived from the word "hundrath", which actually means 120 and not 100."
"The first known vending machine dates back to the 1st Century AD. It accepted a coin, then dispensed holy water."
"A panda fur is worth between US$60,000 and US$100,000 on the illegal trade market."
"Polar bears can smell its prey on the ice 20 miles (32 km) away."
"Will Smith, Nicolas Cage, Tom Cruise, Johnny Depp, and Leo DiCaprio were offered the part of Neo in "The Matrix" movie before Keanu Reeves."
"There's a 'Rent a Mourner' service in the UK to fill your funeral with fake friends."
"James Cameron was homeless when writing the movie "The Terminator," and sold the rights for US$1, on the condition he could direct it."
"Google has found GPA's and test scores to be "worthless as a criteria for hiring"; they have teams where 14% of their employees haven't gone to college."
"Floating cities above the clouds of Venus may be our best bet for becoming a two-planet species. Conditions there are so similar to Earth a human wouldn't need a pressurized suit, the gravity is similar and transit times are shorter than to Mars."
"55% of Americans surveyed believe they have a guardian angel."
"The heart symbol was first used to denote love in the 1250. Prior to that, it represented foliage."
"The only Jewish descendants spared by the Nazis where those with grandparents who converted to Christianity before the founding of the German Empire (1871)."
"There's a colony in Brazil founded by 2,000 to 4,000 Confederate refugees who left the U.S. after losing the Civil War."
"From 1989 to 2009, about 2,000 schools were closed in Germany because of a scarcity of children."
"Antarctica is the only continent without a time zone."
"In 1998, all 11 members of a soccer team in Africa were killed by lightning while leaving the other team unhurt."
"There's an underground river 4 KM (2.4 mi) beneath the Amazon River in Brazil, that might be as long, but hundreds of times wider."
"Canada has no weapons of mass destruction since 1984 and has signed treaties repudiating their possession."
"Swearing on the Bible is forbidden by the Bible."
"The U.S. pays Cuba US$4,085 a month in rent for Guantanamo Bay, but Cuba refuses to cash the checks."
"There are no 24 hours in a day. It has 23 hours, 56 minutes and 4 seconds, the time it takes to earth to rotate on its axis."
"There are about 22,000 manmade objects orbiting around planet Earth."
"In 1876, a gang of Chicago counterfeiters attempted to steal Abraham Lincoln's body from his tomb and request a US$200,000 ransom."
"Coca-Cola's logo is recognized by 94% of the world's population."
"There are over 30 replicas of the Eiffel Tower around the world."
"Europe and Africa are only separated by 14.3 km (8.9 mi) of ocean and there are talks of creating the longest bridge ever."
"Germany made its final reparations payment from the WWI Treaty of Versailles in 2010."
"Google has a version of their site translated to the language of the Klingons, from Star Trek."
"A Muslim family that saved Jews during the Holocaust, was later saved by Israel during the genocide in Bosnia, and converted to Judaism."
"Chile has a civilian town in Antarctica, complete with a school, hospital, hostel, post office, Internet, TV and mobile phone coverage."
"There's a programming language which uses Arnold Schwarzenegger quotes as syntax."
"At least 1 in every 100 people in the U.S. and Canada is a pathological gambler."
"The average visitor to Las Vegas gambles US$447."
"More Guinness beer is drunk in Nigeria than Ireland."
"New bacteria grows on a kitchen sponge every 20 minutes."
"64% of Americans don't believe global warming will seriously affect their way of life."
"The average American household spends US$1000 a year on lotteries."
"Buda and Pest merged into the combined city of Budapest in 1873."
"In Germany, it is illegal to run out of fuel on highways."
"The Wat Pa Maha Chedi Kaew temple in Thailand was constructed with 1 million bottles of Heineken and a local beer."
"Since the 12th century, Judaism believes that if the truths derived through science or philosophy contradict religious beliefs, the religious beliefs are incorrect."
"In 2008, the Leaning Tower of Pisa stopped moving for the first time in its 800-year history after a 10-year, US$40 million project."
"When Charlie Chaplin received his honorary Oscar, he got a 12-minute standing ovation, the longest in Oscar history."
"A natural predator of the Moose is the Killer Whale. They have been known to prey on moose swimming around America's Northwest Coast."
"Life expectancy in Ancient Rome was from 20 to 30 years."
"Human life expectancy has increased more in the last 50 years than in the previous 200,000 years of human existence."
"We only taste 20% of the salt on potato chips, so Lay's created a new shape of salt with the same taste but 25% less salt."
"In 2007, a man faked his own death to get out of a cell phone contract"
"The death penalty was outlawed in the UK partly because a man was wrongfully executed for the murder of his wife and daughter in 1950."
"Amazon.com's profits for its entire existence are still less than what Exxon Mobil makes every 2.5 weeks."
"In 1994, Hitachi produced an ATM that heated bills to kill bacteria, then ironed them before dispensing."
"The Longest sniper kill ever recorded was shot from 2,475 meters (1.54 miles) away. The bullet took over 6 seconds to reach its target."
"File-sharing website "The Pirate Bay" tried to buy their own island to avoid copyright laws."
"Al Capone started one of the first free soup kitchens during the Great Depression."
"Apple Is Worth More Than The Entire Russian Stock Market."
"Singapore is the only modern country to gain independence against its own will. They were expelled from Malaysia by a 126-0 vote."
"The Chinese name for America is "Meiguo," which literally means "beautiful country.""
"There will be a 50% increase in lightning strikes by 2100 if global warming continues, according to a scientific report."
"While seeking help for a sex addiction, Mick Jagger seduced the therapist."
"Napoleon's trademark hat was sold in 2014 for US$2.4 million."
"Colombia's drug trade is worth US$10 billion. That's one quarter as much as the country's legal exports."
"Each year, Americans throw out enough soda cans and bottles to reach to the moon and back 20 times."
"Energy drinks still don't have as much caffeine as a Starbucks coffee."
"In Japan, there's a train that "floats" above the tracks by magnetism, reaching 500 km/h (311 mph)."
"Pistanthrophobia is the fear of trusting people due to bad past experiences."
"The world's fastest omelete cooker can make 427 omelets in 30 minutes."
"The richest man in Asia, Sir Ka-shing Li, dropped out of school at the age of 15."
"Most female tarantulas will eat males after mating."
"The youngest soldier to serve during WWI was only 8 years old"
"Men can lactate too, but only under extreme circumstances."
"The 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, will be the first time a South American country has the right to host them."
"Rio de Janeiro means "January River" and it was called that by mistake. A portuguese explorer thought the bay was the mouth of a river."
"You would have to walk for seven hours straight to burn off a Big Mac with a Super Sized Coke and French Fries."
"A typical porcupine's body is covered in 30,000 razor sharp quills"
"Both Adolf Hitler and Osama Bin Laden were announced dead on May 1."
"The most expensive First Class suites in the Titanic were to have cost up to £870 (£75,156 today)."
"If you live in the U.S., you're never more than 115 miles (185 KM) away from a McDonald's"
"U.S. citizenship wasn't granted to all Native Americans until 1924."
"Nearly 13,000 Native Americans fought during World War I, despite not having a U.S. citizenship."
"Tetris' creator didn't make a penny until 10 years after releasing the game. The Soviet government had the rights."
"Aic is an official language in Israel along with Hebrew."
"Canada is the World's Most Educated Country: over half its residents have college degrees."
"Underweight models are banned in Israel to fight against anorexia."
"About 24,000 people are killed by lightning strikes around the world each year."
"Russia's notorious murderer Vladimir Nikolayev ate some of his victim's body, then gave the rest of the meat to a friend, whose wife served it to his family thinking it was kangaroo."
"In 1989, the U.S. military blared AC/DC music at General Noriega's compound in Panama for 2 continuous days. The dictator surrendered."
"In 2014, the Rolling Stones performed in East Berlin, a concert that was originally scheduled back in 1969 but ended in hundreds of arrests."
"Vikings didn't wear horned helmets."
"In sub-Saharan Africa, 589 million people live without electricity. Most use wood, charcoal and dung to cook."
"The visible universe (planets, stars, galaxies) makes up less than 5% of the mass of the universe."
"Joseph Smith, founder of the Mormon church, wed 40 wives, including some who were already married and a 14-year-old."
"Sheep have a field of vision of around 300 degrees, allowing them to see behind themselves without having to turn their head."
"The Spanish flu caused about a third of total military deaths in WWI."
"9 million combatants and 7 million civilians died as a result of WWI."
"Only about 3% of mammalian species and up to 15% of primate species are monogamous."
"Research suggests the story of one needy individual motivates charitable donors more than stats about millions of sufferers."
"In 1999, hackers revealed a security flaw in Hotmail allowing to log into any Hotmail account using the password "eh"."
"Prostitution is legal in Canada. Buying the services of a prostitute is not."
"Earthquakes turn water into gold."
"There's a virus that attacks human DNA making people less intelligent, impairing brain activity, learning and memory."
"Mount Everest is littered with not just the corpses of climbers but an estimated 50 tons of waste, making it world's dirtiest mountain."
"By the end of 1993, there were only 623 websites on the World Wide Web."
"In one of the last battles of WW2, American and German soldiers fought together as allies against an SS division to defend an Austrian castle."
"During WW1, a Hungarian man was shot in the frontal lobe, making it impossible for him to fall asleep. He continued to live a full, sleepless life."
"Every 39 minutes, a new porn film is created in the U.S."
"Obese drivers are 78% more likely to die in a car crash."
"One of the only vertebrate species that can't yawn is the giraffe."
"The word "oxymoron" is an oxymoron. The Greek word "oxy" means "sharp" and "moron" means "dull"."
"Rapper Tupac dated Madonna a year before his death."
"More than 870,000 Jews were killed at Treblinka with a staff of just 150 people."
"Saturn's rings are not solid. They are made up of bits of ice, dust and rock."
"Once a wolf has found a mate, they usually stay together for life"
"The longest chess game that is theoretically possible has 5,949 moves."
"Ostriches have three stomachs."
"Krubera Cave, the deepest known cave on Earth, has depth of 2,197 m (7,208 ft)."
"The word for "roller coasters" in Russian translates to "American Mountains.""
"The current world record for solving Rubik's Cube is 5.55 seconds."
"The reason Mickey Mouse wears gloves is so that his hands can be seen when they're in front of his body."
"The symbol for infinity is called a Lemniscate."
"The time traveling machine in the movie "Back to the Future" was originally supposed to be a refrigerator."
"The highest place on Earth, and closest to space, is Mount Chimborazo in the Andes."
"In 2006, some volunteers climbed Britain's highest mountain and found a piano on top of it."
"The movie "Little Miss Sunshine" was partially inspired by a quote from Arnold Schwarzenegger saying: "If there's one thing in this world I despise, it's losers.""
"Mexico's official name is United Mexican States."
"Coca-Cola created Coke Zero for men because they associated Diet Coke with women."
"A bolt of lightning is 5 times hotter than the surface of the sun."
"On August 16, 2013, Google went down for 5 minutes and in that time, the global Internet traffic dropped by 40%."
"The "Fi" in "WiFi" doesn't mean anything. The creators just called it that because it rhymed with "HiFi""
"In France, nearly 96% of high schools have condom vending machines."
"Gypsy is short for "Egyptian.""
"2 Million citizens of Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia held hands in 1989, forming a 675 KM (419 MI). human chain to protest against Soviet occupation. It ended up peacefully."
"There is a town in Indiana called Santa Claus."
"There's a theater in Russia where all the actors are cats."
"The U.S. has only won the World Baseball Cup 4 times while Cuba has won it 25 times."
"Some 5,500 WWII bombs are discovered in Germany every year and defused, an average of 15 per day."
"The U.S. / Canada Border is the longest international border in the world and it lacks military defense."
"The biggest Japanese community outside of Japan is in Brazil."
"All prisoners in Norway have internet in their cells."
"The average cloud weighs about as much as 100 elephants."
"Social network Bebo was bought by AOL for US$850 million. 5 years later, the original owners bought it back for US$1 million."
"Google prefers dogs to cats. Their official code of conduct specifically states they are a dog company."
"54% Americans can't swim well enough to save themselves."
"Many commercial pilots use iPads in the cockpit as a replacement for traditional paper manuals."
"South Africans can legally attach flamethrowers to cars to repel carjackers."
"Concentration camps were first used by the British during the Second Anglo-Boer War."
"A Filipino man crucified himself 27 times on Good Friday since 1985 as an oath to God."
"Tortoises Orbited the Moon Before Astronauts Did: They Were Sent to Test a Russian Space Probe."
"The idea for Google came to his founder as a dream that woke him up in the middle of the night."
"During the 7th century B.C., ancient Roman "vestal virgins" were required to keep their hymens intact as proof of virginity until age 30 or they would be buried alive."
"There are more than 400 million fewer European birds now than there were 30 years ago."
"The cartoonist behind "On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog" made over US$50,000 from its reprinting."
"If you use iTunes, you have already agreed not to use Apple products to create nuclear weapons"
"In 2009, a 10-year-old British girl tried to sell her grandmother on eBay."
"Friendstalker was one of the early names considered for Twitter."
"There is high speed Internet on the moon: 19 MBPS."
"There is no single food that provides all the nutrients that humans need, except for breast milk."
"The Great Wall of China is not visible from space, but China's air pollution is."
"There are no terrestrial (land) snakes in New Zealand."
"Sign Language is one of three official languages of New Zealand."
"In Russia, during times of economic disparity or high inflation, teachers can be paid in Vodka."
"Rich people in China hire body doubles to serve their prison sentence."
"The average chocolate bar contains 8 insect parts."
"Before hatching, the hen (chicken) can hear the chicks peeping inside the eggs."
"Foreign Accent Syndrome is an extremely rare condition in which its sufferers suddenly develop a foreign accent."
"Brazil once tried to sell an aircraft carrier on eBay."
"You cannot work in Antarctica unless your wisdom teeth and appendix are removed."
"Diabetics' urine can be made into whiskey because of the urine's high sugar content."
"20% of the world's unfrozen fresh water is in a single lake: Russia's Lake Baikal."
"Charles Darwin and Abraham Lincoln were born on the same day."
"49% of U.S. Adults eat one sandwich a day."
"Until 1990, the banknote factory at Debden, England, was heated by burning old banknotes"
"A pound of dimes has the same value as a pound of quarters."
"Mississippi didn't ratify the 13th Amendment, abolishing slavery, until 2013."
"The first Russian child to receive the vaccine against smallpox was called "Vaccinov," given a pension, and observed all his life."
"The Mall of America is owned by Canadians."
"The numbers on a roulette wheel add to 666."
"Shakespeare directly mentions America only once."
"C.S. Lewis, Aldous Huxley, and John F. Kennedy died on the same day."
"Denver International Airport is larger than Manhattan."
"American Express was founded as an express mail business, 100 years before its first credit card."
"There's only one all-white humpback whale known in the world."
"Male puppies are gentlemen. While play-fighting, they'll let the female puppies win on purpose."
"The Beatles refused to play in front of segregated audiences in America."
"Crows make tools, play tricks on each other, and caw among kin in a dialect all their own."
"If everyone lived as densely as the do in Manhattan, the human race could fit in New Zealand."
"823 same-sex couples were married in New York City on the first day that same-sex marriage was legal state-wide."
"At 109.9 decibels, Guinness World Record Paul Hunn can burp louder than a lawn mower engine."
"At a spending rate of $1 million a day, it would take Bill Gates 218 years to spend all his money."
"You have a 1 in 200 chance of being a direct descendant of Genghis Khan."
"There are more life forms living on your skin than there are people on the planet."
"There are over 4 times more vacant houses than homeless people in the U.S."
"90% of the world's population lives in the Northern Hemisphe"
"Abraham Lincoln dreamt of his assassination before it happened."
"Sheep can recognize facial expressions and they really like smiles."
"During Islam's Golden Age, scientists were paid the equivalent of what pro athletes are paid today."
"68% of women say they would have an affair if they knew they could get away with it."
"The state of Washington may still execute prisoners by hanging."
"It only takes 6 minutes for brain cells to react to alcohol."
"Leif Erikson is regarded as the first European to land in North America, nearly 500 years before Columbus."
"1 out of 10 People Weren't Fathered By The Man They Believe Is Dad."
"Mexico once had 3 presidents in 1 day."
"People with lower IQs are more likely to be racist and homophobic, according to a study."
"Facebook loses almost US$25,000 for every minute is down."
"As late as 1850, most shoes were made on absolutely straight lasts, with no difference between the right and the left shoe."
"People normally fart 8 to 20 times per day."
"A 2013 survey found 7% of Americans believe the moon landing was a hoax."
"Chinese courts have a 99.99% conviction rate, as measured in 2009."
"35,000 people die every year in the U.S. from the flu or its complications."
"90% of Americans live within 15 minutes of a Wal-Mart."
"Budweiser is named after a town in Czech Republic."
"Half of all food is wasted worldwide."
"Constipation-related health care costs total US$6.9 billion per year in the U.S."
"Holocaust denial is either implicitly or explicitly a crime in 17 countries, including Germany and Austria."
"Koalas are excellent swimmers."
"When the Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the state's third largest city."
"Alaska has a sand desert with dunes over 150 feet (45 m) high."
"A rat can fall from a 5 story building without injuries."
"A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born."
"Of modern countries currently independent, New Zealand was the first to allow women the vote."
"The area where military personnel socialize and eat is called a "mess"."
"You are more likely to die in the taxi cab on the way to and from the airport than on the flight itself."
"Holocaust denial is either implicitly or explicitly a crime in 17 countries, including Germany and Austria."
"Alaska has a sand desert with dunes over 150 feet (45 m) high."
"The area where military personnel socialize and eat is called a "mess"."
"91% of Americans lie regularly."
"In 2013, a Belgian chocolate maker changed its name from "Italo Suisse," to "ISIS." In 2014 it had to change it again."
"Jackie Chan's family was so poor he was almost sold to a wealthy British Couple when he was still a baby."
"Since 2007, several detached human feet have been found on the coasts of British Columbia (Canada) and Washington (U. S.)"
"Genital injuries in the U.S. send 16,000 people to emergency care each year."