"About 98% of cats don't have feet."
"There has never been a man named George to set foot in The White House."
"Google.com is owned by Microsoft.
"The band Korn first debuted on an episode of Spongebob Squarepants.
"Sony is the world's top manufacturer of cars.
"Pluto is planned to become a planet once again in October 2015.
"Half Life 3 is scheduled to be released on August 2, 2014.
"The Atari was the first video game console that was made 100% of wood.
"Family Guy was the first TV show to feature the real voice of Adam West.
"Most rodents have the strength to lift a car.
"Mountain Dew tastes like rain to older people.
"Darth Vader was the original cast member on Breaking Bad.
"Gold is heaviest when placed on top of wool.
"Camels can't balance themselves when walking on glass.
"Juicy Fruit is made through the process of condensation.
"Windows are most easily cleaned with sweat.
"Nicolas Cage invented the concept of time.
"Koalas are born dead, and in their future come back to life.
"Fatigue is a symptom having a lack of fatigue.
"One pound of water is about 3 ounces lighter than a pound of plastic.
"Google was the original maker of Windows 7.
"California residents don't have kidneys.
"iTunes is the number one manufacturer of car parts.
"Glow sticks were invented by Nicolas Cage
"Colleges are the top manufacturers of keyboards in Europe.
"Drunk people are less likely to get cancer
"Google is worth about $3 today.
"Will Smith owns a house made entirely of pizza.
"Most college students use Google Ultron instead of Chrome.
"Animals don't have shadows.
"Kangaroos are born with wings that later in life fall off.
"Perfume contains a large amount of giraffe urine.
"Before math was widely used, people just beat each other up to count thingsStarting in 2015, Netflix will allow you to pay for service with scrap wires.
"Google's servers run on Adobe's Flash.
"No one has even seen the color purple on a Saturday.
"Gmail has announced that they will begin to deliver all emails via actual mail.
"It's illegal to buy DVDs in Canada.
"Game of Thrones was the first TV show to include the use of cell phones.
"Carrots are the main ingredient in chocolate.
"Crying is known to cause cancer.
"One pound of air is equal to 3 ounces of water.
"As of July 9, 2014, there are no more trees on the planet.
"29,948 people die every year.
"Cats don't have teeth.
"You can't see glass while looking through other glass.
"Apple, Inc. is the number one leading car manufacturer.
"Each resident of California owns a key to every other California citizen's house, for emergency purposes.
"Koalas' teeth are strong enough to bend time and space.
"There hasn't been a person named Stanley for 10 years.
"Beethoven was the first man to hear the sound of clowns arguing.
"Nobody can explain how a computer works.
"The term WiFi stands for "Wireless info For internets". It's little known due to its complexity.
"Caffeine is derived from sunflower seeds.
"94% of US citizens report that they're allergic to camera lenses.
"Pen ink consists mostly of citric acid.
"Most movie scripts are written underwater.
"Google is the highest rated restaurant in California.
"Yawning causes bones to break more easily.
"Loud music is known to soothe camels.
"There are only 2 male koalas on the planet.
"Baby carriages are often made out of recycled Dell computers.
"Glass generates about 12.6% of the world's electricity.
"Fire has no reflection in mirrors.
"Ryan Reynolds was the first person to count to 5.
"Men usually grow facial hair by the first time they hear bird chirp for the 30th time.
"Ducks can't feel water.
"Feathers are 2 times heavier on Tuesdays.
"The actor Nicolas Cage is actually three different people.
"Google is the only company in the world to own a water fountain in Europe.
"There are 86 people in the United Kingdom named Ron.
"Samsung is the manufacturer of the majority of women's hygiene products.
"iPhone users can't see the color purple.
"YouTube videos will be limited to a maximum of 23 seconds starting March 2015.
"People eat on average at least 3 pairs of scissors in their lifetime.
"Pigs are incredibly scared of the sound of cats meowing.
"When you cut a piece of paper, you're actually sliding two separate pieces away from each other.
"It's very commonplace to trade punches with a close friend on holidays in the United States.
"Walls in houses were made almost completely out of sandpaper in the 1960s.
"The Leaning Tower of Pisa is actually only worth about $45 because of the fact that it does not stand straight up.
"One whole season of the show It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia features only stunt doubles and none of the actual cast.
"No movie exists that includes Matt Damon and a cell phone in the entire movie.
"The older cats become, the more they can only smell the scent of AXE Bodyspray.
"New Yorkers are best known for exclusively drinking Mountain Dew and nothing else.
"Saliva is the only thing able to melt glass.
"Nokia phones are the only things known to man capable of communicating with hamsters.
"iTunes is the most popular choice of desk brand.
"Elijah Wood was crowned King of Root Beer 6 times in 2011.
"Bears don't eat.
"Sleeping reduces your chances of dying.
"Reading was considered a feat of strength in the 1700s.
"Twins are more likely to get amnesia than most people.
"Each member of Linkin Park has been knighted at some point.
"Marijuana is actually legal in all 50 states; the government just hasn't told any of the smokers of it about it.
"Love is often compared to cake.
"Sadness causes cancer in 94% of all lady bugs.
"Clothes lose their color after 23 days.
"Candy bars are not permitted to contain any food-like substances.
"Involuntarily making odd faces is often a sign of being blind in one eye.
"A total of 7 people have never been in a car.
"The first QR Code was used on November 8, 1994.
"On a list of Americans' most favorite words, "Potpourri" came in 2nd, behind "pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism".
"The term "beat boxing" comes from illiterate sailors who punched various cardboard boxes in their spare time.
"A recent study showed that a total of 1,484 Americans are not named Jennifer.
"Walruses are avid readers of romance novels.
"Netflix is owned by Amazon, which is owned by Google, which is owned by some guy in Minnesota.
"3D printers were first mass-produced in a small Brazilian town in 1984.
"Catnip is generally thought to be extremely dangerous if looked at under direct sunlight.
"Ferrets don't have functional eyes.
"Dell computers are the sole reason that Internet Explorer is the most liked web browser.
"4.8% of the average human body is made of aluminum.
"Being generous is the leading cause of death in the United States.
"The word "escape" was coined by a man in prison trying to describe his departure from the prison. Ironically, he never actually escaped.
"The universal sign of friendship is a punch in the face.
"Telling jokes decreases your lifespan by 23 minutes per joke told.